`Modal`/` Flyout` - Add `returnFocusTo` documentation (#2508)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/modal/partials/code/component-api.md

  <C.Property @name="color" @type="enum" @values={{array "neutral" "warning" "critical" }} @default="neutral">
    Sets the color scheme for the Modal Header elements: icon, tagline, and title.
  </C.Property>

>   <C.Property @name="returnFocusTo" @type="string">

Author: Let me know if you think I should add also an example in the "how to use" section.

>     The `id` of the element where the focus should be returned once the modal is closed (eg. if the element that initiated the event is not in the DOM anymore once closed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `id` of the element where the focus should be returned once the modal is closed (e.g., if the element that initiated the event is not in the DOM anymore once closed).
```
